"I greatly enjoyed the scope of the challenge our groups faced with the highway problem. I thought it was more about how we thought through the process rather than if we ended up with the ""right"" conclusion. I think it really helped display how to use the DR PIE method.

I honestly could not think of anyway the class/lab could be improved upon. Most everything was what I expected and helped forward the lessons on DR PIE.

I know quite a few of my classmates' names because I have had several classes with them last semester and I have most of my classes this semester with them. I grew to know them through casual interaction and remembering their faces."
"1. The most interesting thing in this class was the application problem.

2. Communication, we still need more conversations in our group.

3. I know three of my teammates."
"1. I like teamwork and using all of our brains together to accomplish a problem-solving task.

2. Right now I am a bit worried that my lab group isn't going to connect very well and be apprehensive to get in touch. I would require everyone to get their group members' contact information and meet at least once a week.

3. I know my group members by name because we just exchanged e-mail addresses for application 4. Otherwise, I don't know anyone else."
"1. I liked the lab. It was fun making a tower and the problem solving steps are very useful.

2. I'd say making the lectures a bit more interactive. I feel like I would be engaged more. 

3. I just know my group mates in group H, as well as some guys I met in the first day or 2 prior to groups."
"1) I liked being able to collaborate freely with other students interested in engineering

2) I have no complaints about class this week. If I need to say something though, I guess it would've been nice to get to know my group mates a little better by being forced to do an ice breaker. 

3) Four classmates and I only know them because one is my roommate and the others are my groupmates."
"From this week's lab, I found myself really enjoyed the discussion about how to build a highway.

I think I may need to improve my calculation skill, when I was doing the math in this lab, I get confused couples of time.

Around 7 or 8, I think. Some are my team members, and some are because we're having the same classes except ENGR 1181."
"1. This was my first week in class since I had recently just been transferred into class, despite that, I liked how the lecture and applications were self and group engaging.

 

 

2. One thing that could be improved in class is having labs on Fridays instead, that way, students can apply what they have learned in class.

 

3. As of now, I only know 2 of my class mates by name and they are my lab partners. I came to know them through lab groups and through initial introduction."
In class this week I learned a lot about problem-solving and how to approach problems. We did not have lab this week because of Martin Luther King Day. I know the names of everybody in my group and group 4 because I've worked with them both in previous classes. I also know about 10 people in the class previous to taking the class because we had ENGR 2194 together. 
"1. I liked how we got to converse with our group and figure out the concrete problem. We got to mathematically and theoretically experience what engineers do everyday.

2.I don't think there was anything to improve last week.

3. I know about 10-14 classmate's names because we all had 2194 together last semester. I also know 2 of my group member's names."
We didn't have class on Monday this past week due to respect of Martin Luther King Day.
"1.  I liked the fact that we were given time to work with our groups in class.  Being a full-time student and working 25 hours a week it's nice having that extra time.

2.  I don't think that there is any thing that needs to be improved.

3.  I only know my group members names, Xian, Mason, and Drew."
"1. I liked working on our first project with my group and coming up with ideas for it.

2. More explanation of the assignment, we were kind of confused on what to do at first.

3. I know a decent amount of them because I was in 2194 last semester with a lot of the same people."
"Please describe what you liked the most about class/lab this week.

 

            In class this week, I enjoyed learning about the scientific problem solving method; it’s general form as well as its applications. I also enjoyed the ability to experiment with using the method with my group in a real-world-scenario graded assignment. I liked this because the method appears to be extremely useful and thorough so far.

 

Please describe one thing you think could be improved upon from class/lab this week. What suggestions do you have for making that improvement?

 

            It would have ben helpful if instead of jumping right into the method and applying to a graded assignment as a group, our instructor went through a brief 10-minute or so example of one. This would have been beneficial if the instructor asked for each element from students. This would force the entire class to think and would have led to an overall better understanding of the problem solving method.

 

How many of your classmates do you know by name? How did you come to know them?

 

            I know all of my group mates by name after working with them for the first week. We introduced ourselves on the first day."
I liked the way in which our group had to put our heads together to solve this problem. We all contributed our opinions and helped each other in determining the specifics of the problem. I would suggest providing more specific guidelines for the concrete itself, such as whether or not to include on/off ramps. This would be in place of what we had to do, which was decide whether we wanted them. I know 5-6 of my classmates' names and four of them are in my group. The other people are classmates I met on my first day of class.
What I liked most about class this week is the useful ways to get through a problem efficiently. It will help throughout any job that I will get from an engineering degree. I think one thing that could be improved about class is go deeper into the topic of problem solving. Try and give a personal example on how it has helped to get a solution while using this process. I know all of their names, just one is more difficult because he has a foreign name. I was in class with one of my teammates last semester, then the other two introduced themselves along with giving me their emails to share a document. 
"1.I like the way the group members sharing idea with other teammates.

2. I need to be more patient about our teammates' Ideas. 

3. I knew 4 people's names. Three of them are my teammates and the other was knew when He shared with his ideas about this assignment. "
"1. I enjoyed being able to work together with my group on the assigned project during class. We were able to ask any questions we had as soon as they came up. Lab and class feel more comfortable after being able to get to know one another.

2. I would have liked to have had more known data given in the highway concrete assignment this week. There will be a lot of variance in everyone's answers and little confidence can be had in answers with little supporting data. I suggest making the problem solving project on a smaller scale rather than a complex 500 mile long, multi-state problem.

3. I know each member of my group and two others from the first week of class. We introduced ourselves at the beginning of each class. Our group also worked together outside of class time."
"What I liked the most about class this week was working with my group on the highway project.

One thing that could be improved from class is we could have started the highway project when we had time left over in the class before we started it.

I know four of my classmates by name. Three of them are at my table the other I know from other classes"
"1.)I enjoyed starting the highway problem. You just were like, here, now just do it.

2.)I honestly don't think there is much to be improved upon.

3.)I know about half of them. I was in ENGR 2194 with them last semester."
"1. I liked how we were working on a problem that was very realistic.

2. My team's dynamic could be improved, and a suggestion on how to improve it is to get to know how we all operate better. 

3. I know 3 of them by name, I came to know them because they are in my group."
"Matthew Levy-Scott Engineering 1181 Journal 02 1 January 17 This past week I liked getting into our groups and working on the application about building a highway. I liked this because I got to see how my group operates and I am happy to say that we are looking good. I we become closer as a group and even though we are not perfect we work well together. The fact that we are so different we have many different viewpoints. We are also good at listening to each other’s ideas. I think this will benefit us in the long run especially when the assignments get more challenging.

I do not think anything could be improved. I like engineering and I like engineering and I like the format of this class. I have not had enough time to analyze the class fully but as of right now I do enjoy it.

I came from Engineering 2194 and that a prerequisite for Engineering 1181 if you did not get into Math 1151. About half of my class mates from 2194 are also in my 1181 class so I am well acquainted with a lot of them. I have one person in my 1181 group that was in my 2194 class and I have also become friends with my other group members."
"1. I most enjoyed working with my new group and getting to know them.

2. Everything seems fine.

3. I only know the names of my three teammates."
"1. I mostly enjoyed working on the bridge project, along with doing the research for it to find the common sizes used.

2. The example problem solving problem was quite boring. It would be nicer if the examples had a bit more meat to them and weren't so dull.

3. I know three of my classmates by name. They are all in my group."
"1. I enjoyed the class application this week. It improved our critical thinking and teamwork skills. It was fun researching highway regulations and using dimensional analysis to determine the price of concrete for a six lane highway. 

2. I think that there could have been less assumptions that the lab groups were required to make for the application of the week. Although this makes every team's outcome different, there would be less confusion during the planning stages of the project. 

3. I know the names of about a third of my classmates. This is mostly because I was in engineering 2194 with about fifteen of them. Besides former classmates, I became acquainted with around eight new people just from conversations in the first few sessions of class. "
"1.Class this week was great, Working with the team taught us about each other and how we have to go about dealing with each others weaknesses and strengths.

2. There could be more info on how to write the lab reports.

3. I know a significant by name due to having class with them before and now I met a lot more people being in a lab group with all new people."
"1. I liked how we got to work with our teammates in regards to our problem solving group work. It was nice to be able to get class time to work on it.

2. I think that class can be a bit more hands on. I would suggest assigning some interactive assignments.

3. I only know a couple outside of my group. I know the students in my group because we were assigned to work with each other. The others were friends or friends of friends."
"1) I enjoyed getting to collaborate with my group members and complete the application 4 earlier than usual.

2) I believe that class time can be spent better with working on more applications and more hands on activities.

3) I know the classmates in my lab group all by name, along with a few others that completed 2194 with me last semester. the people at my table I have gotten to know through collaboration."
"1. I liked how we split into groups and how we were able to work freely.

2.I really care for the class this week, because I am already familiar with the problem solving method. It felt redundant. This really cant be fixed since it isn't really the class' fault.

3. I know about ten people by name. I know them because they are in my lab group, or have been in my class previously."
"In my opinion, the most interesting point is to finish lab together with group members.

My group members are three American and me. I am the only one international student, they often talk with each other without me. I don't know how to deal with it. In addition, one of my Chinese friend also told me that his group are three Chinese and one American, they almost completely dismiss this American in the class like my condition. I think each group had better is two American and two Chinese.

I know some Chinese classmates, I have already known them before starting the class."
"1) I liked that we got time to work on our application in class. I don't know if it will always be like that, but it was nice.

2) I don't think anything needed to be improved this week; we didn't have a lab, and the lectures were good.

3) I know 7 or 8 by name. I met 3 on the first day, and I thought (hoped) they would be my lab group. I also know my three actual group members by name, as well as one other person who sat at my table last week."
I liked that we were given time in class to work on our Class 4 Application, so there is less work to do outside of class. One thing that could be improved is how much direction we were given in the Class 4 Application because it was tough to determine how in-depth we should go for the problem. I know 4 classmates by name. Three of them because they are in my group, and I saw somebody I recognized from class walking on high street, so I introduced myself there.
"1.  I am really enjoying getting to know my team more and more and working with them.  I think we will be a great team together.

2. I think I can better prepare myself for class.  I can do this by starting to check carmen more and more and make sure I read everything that I need to read.

3. I really only know my team member names plus one or two others.  I know the others from my dorm."
"1. I think the problem solving lab is the most nice thing in this week.

2. Everything in this week are nice. 

3. About 4 classmates because they are my team members or friends "
"1. I liked working in my group. I am personally someone who enjoys doing group work and think it helps me be more productive since other people are relying on me.

2. One thing that could be improved is the communication about the homework. I am often confused as to what is homework and what is classwork.

3. I know 5 of them by name. Three of them are in my group, so I met them there and then the other two I know from other classes."
"1. This week I enjoyed working as a group in class, especially on the homework. It was nice to separate the work load of it.

2. I think we should have a shorter homework assignment for in class group work. Trying to find a time outside of class was really difficult when putting all of our schedules together.

3. I know three of my classmates by name. I only know their name because they are in my group."
"1.I really liked the process of problem solving part. 

2. I think the class/lab is great and can't come up with any improvement.

3. I only know three names of my classmates who are my group members"
"1. I enjoyed the introduction of the group work that we needed to do. The problem solving activity is extremely compatible with the previous lessons, talking about working as a team.

2. I think activities to first get to know your group mates would help understand habits and scheduling of each other.

3. I know approximately five other classmates by name because I am sitting next to them currently or I have sat with them on the same table."
"This week I enjoyed learning about the in depth process of problem solving.  

One improvement that I have is that we not have to do group work for projects like the problem solving assignment.  While I highly enjoy working with teams, this project takes more time than it is worth to try to complete.  I found that two of my teammates were not understanding some of the details and spent a large amount of time undoing what I had been working on.  I would rather do reports separately. 

I know one of my teammates by name.  The other two are Chinese and I cannot remember their names.  I have not been able to spend anytime outside of class with them."
"1. The class in general has a very good concept of group work. In particular, the problem given to us for finding the cost of building a highway was very interesting.

2. Thus far, the class seems very interesting and I didn't find anything that needs much improvement.

3. Currently, I only know my group mates. I came to know them by talking and working with them. "
"1. What I liked most this week about class was working with my group on the ""constructing a highway project"". It was nice to take all our ideas and put them together and apply it to a real world situation.

2. What could have been improved in the class is giving more time in class to work on the application assignment with our groups. Instead of leaving class early on Tuesday I think the assignment should have been introduced to us and we could use the remaining time in class that day to work on the project, as well as the next class period.

3. I know only the names of the people in my group. I came to know them since we are assigned to the same group."
"1.I love we talked about actual construction of the road between oklahoma city to mexico

2.the ting we can improve is that we might talk more about the concepts before we start the actual application part

3. our group 3 people. we introduce ourselves before we get started on work.

 "
"1. I liked the fact that we had some time to work on our class 04 application.

2. The group matching system could be improved. I wish that the group matching system was more dynamic and that we wouldn't have to be stuck with the same group of people for the entirety of the semester. 

3. About 6. By stumbling upon them in class and talking to them."
"1. Class this week was interesting giving a general problem that needed to be solved with only limited given information and no true guidelines on how to solve the problem. I also liked being able to start working on the homework prior to class ending which gave the group some time to figure out our approach and start heading towards our solution.

2. I can not think of any major improvements for this week. Due to the short week we only had class twice without lab. I will say last week there was a bit of confusion on when and where homework should be turned in. Maybe if this was stated and made clearer in class the students would benefit.

3.I know my group by name, however I only know two other people in the class names due to past meetings. One from high school and one from being in my group the first day. "
"1. My team members are really perfect people.

2. The classroom was so hot

3. My team members, Chris, Dave, and Alex, and Mamadou who did take same class at the last semester."
"1.) What I liked most about lab this week is that it gave us a  chance to think outside the box, and be creative. For instance, when building the tall structure with only the resources we had, our team decided to cut the sticks in half and balance the connection between the threads. We were given only sticks,threads and tape and it was using creativity that led us to cutting the sticks, in order to build a more efficient structure. 

2.) One thing that I think could have been improved from this lab, is that maybe have a little time to get to know our group more before we get right into it since its the first one. I was a bit hard to communicate with the team, because everyone was trying to throw out their ideas but didn't really know how to talk to each other.

3.) I know about 14 of my classmates by name. This is because some of them are in my engineering group and others I had class with in ENGR 2194"
"1. I liked the free time to be able to work in our groups on our application. We actually met Wednesday and had it close to done minus a few questions an our calculations.

2. Maybe some more clarity with assignments. I was very unsure what was due Tuesday and how that was supposed to be done.

3. I know only my group members currently so total three classmates."
1. I liked being in a class where I work with classmates and discuss the content rather than just having instructors talk at me. 2. Possibly go through lecture faster, leaving us more time to discuss the content? Lecture notes feel slow, although the information is important. 3. I know 3 of my classmates, just because they're in my group
"1. This week I enjoyed time we had during the lab to work together. The class was useful when we got the example of the problem solving application for the painting job. That layout helped me visualize how to correctly make my own problem solving solution.

2. What would improve the class would be if we had more time to talk with the TAs about our questions.

3. I know three of my classmates because we're in a group together."
"1. I like my team

2. Use the AC so we can concentrate better

3. 3, because they are in my team"
"1. This week had no lab so I do not know what we were supposed to do in the lab this week at all. However, we our group met twice and we talked about application 4. What I like is talking with each other.

2. I did not talk to much because they had already said what I wanted to say. I think I can come up with ideas more quickly.

3. Only a few I know name. I know my group mate by meeting and some friend I know privately."
"1. I liked the challenge of communicating with our fellow teammates and having to put ourselves into roles within the group. We were able to learn the personalities of our fellow teammates.

 

2. We could improve our communication skills between the class and the instructors explaining the purposes of the activities.

 

3. I know my teammates by name and one other student. I only got to know them through this class because this is my first semester as an OSU student. "
"1. I like the part that we can work together as a team to finish our first group assignment.

2.No. It is good!

3. Four. Three of them are in the same group with me."
I really enjoyed getting to work on the first application as a group, it is really nice having class time for it in case we have questions. I wish we would of been told more what format the application 1 should of been in. I would suggest taking a few minutes in class to talk about expectations for this. I know my group by name through talking to them and getting to now each other in and outside of class. 
"1. What I liked most about class/lab this week was finally getting into our groups because I've been anxious to see who I'd get stuck with for the rest of the semester. Thankfully, after having some time to start projects and such this week, I am very happy with the group I have for the rest of the semester because they seem to all be organized, smart, and willing to put in the work to get a good grade in the class. I am able to relax a little more now knowing that they will definitely have my back this semester and that no one will slack off during our projects. 

2. I think the instructions for the activity on Thursday, the highway project, could have been better articulated because my team wasted a majority of the time getting way to specific on the details and overthinking the project. Because of this, we have to spend more time out of class finishing the project because we did not get very far since we thought the scope of the details of the project were more intensive then you all were intending them to be. 

3. I think I only know about six of my classmates names so far. Every time I sat at a table since the class has started, I have asked everyone's name at the table, but I still only really remember my group members names and a few other people's names only because those are the people I have interacted with most in the class so far. I hope to learn a lot more names as we go, especially if anyone is planning on applying to the same major as I am (biological engineering). "
"1. We did not have a lab this week in class. The lecture was informative and showed a relatively easy way to compose ideas, identify problems and find solutions (DRPIE).

2. I do not really have any improvements for the week. Maybe the class application 04 could have identified more ""known's"" so that the assignment was more easily completed during the time period. In an engineering course, it seems that everyone likes to over analyze and make things very complex. Yes, I do like analysis and problem solving but time is valuable and things need to be completed in a ""timely"" fashion!

3. I know three classmates by name simply because they are in my group!"
"1. I liked the class application with the highway.

2. No suggestions.

3. I know a lot of students from the Engineering 2194 class that I took last semester, as well as the algebra class. There are also some people from my dorm room. Other than that, I have met my teammates. "
"1. I really enjoyed getting to work with my team in trying to figure out how much it would cost to build the highway. I enjoyed having a real life problems with unknowns and know things which is much more of a really life question and less of a school test question.

2. If it was possible to find out how much it actually cost and to see how close my group actually came to the proper cost that would be swell. 

3. I know one of my group members because I met them last week in class. Otherwise I do not know anyone. "
"1. It was pleasant getting the opportunity for my new group to put their brains together when we worked on application four.  It helped me get to know what strengths we each bring to the table. 

2. The classes were pretty polished.  I suppose something that could be done to improve upon it is using a more complex example than the paint job. That way, we can see how the planning process is beneficial when faced with potential information overload. 

3. I know six classmates by name.  I came to know them by working in one group and then working with another one after being moved.  One of the best ways to get to know people is by experiencing mutual challenges together.  By problem solving with my group, I have come to get to know them more than I would if we just sat in lecture together."
"1. I enjoyed collaborating with my group members when working on the highway assignment.

2. I can't think of any ideas for improvements for class/lab this week. I was very happy with the explanations of concepts and assignments and the amount of time allowed for working on those assignments.

3. I know 5 classmates by name. I know them because they either are or were in my group at one time. I knew one of them in particular from a class I took two semesters ago.

 "
"1. I learned about Ethics and problem solving this week. Actually, I did not know why I learn about ethics in Engr class, but I realized that ethics of engineer is very important part of study. Because if I will be engineer, I can have a hard time to worry about ethics problem and solving. So I think this part is very useful part of my study.

2.I was improved about teamwork, because there are many activities with my team A. Actually, english is my second language, so I have difficulty in conversation with other student. But while I do activities with my team, I can feel comfortable to talk with my team. So this was so impressive for me.

3. I think I know just my team A name, because of activities with my team. This is my first time to talk each other by name, so I am looking forward to next class."
"1. The thing I liked the most about the class was ethical analysis. In my opinion, the pre-requisite to be a scientist or an engineer should be correct values. Ethical education can prohibit those people who own knowledge from harming human beings by their high-educational skills.

2. All the teammates solved problems really hard and worked well. Maybe I should be more active in the next lab.

3. I know Zhengzhe Wei, Kenya Gray, and Christopher Adlis Harman. They are my wonderful teammates! We worked and solved problems together."
"1. I like the problem solving standard procedures the most. It gives me the bility to handle complex real world problem, at least where to strat.

2. As a photographer, I suggest to take group photos in a bright environment. Maybe turn on all the lights next time.

3. So far, 8. 3 of them are in my lab group, 3 of them we seated together for 3 classes before the group was been assigned, 2 of them I know them at the orientation."
"1.) I think that finally knowing who the members of my group was the most exciting thing because I finally know who I will be sticking with and working with for the rest of this semester.

2.) I feel that application 04 was better off started completed outside of class with the group because most groups only started part way and had to separate. I think it would have been better use of time to go over more specifics of approaches to the highway problem.

3.) I know three of my classmates by name, only because they are in my group."
I like the atmosphere of technology in class the most in this week. I may need to practice using Matlab to prepare for class. Right now I have known 4 classmates. Which three are my group members and one is my High School friend who also take this class.
"1.) I likes the problem solving class because it made me think about the way I approach problems and how I should change it.

2.) I don`t see any improvements to class this week

3.)3, they are my group members"
"     During the lecture, we were introduced to the question that how much paint is needed to paint the entire wall. Initially, we thought that we will need order 7 of those paint. However, Dr.Bixler introduced the idea that the paint used in the early stage may run out at a different rate than at a later stage of painter. This is the most interesting point during the class.

2. I think that the actual example of planning should be presented and analyzed with greater detail and then based our discussion around that since I felt that we rushed through the explanation of the students' work, and didn't get into much detail.

3.This is only the second week. I don't know many students' name. However, I've made a good friend by chatting with him about the course and study in college."
"The most staff I am fond of was the problem solving plan.

I think that the lecture can give us more chances to work together to solve the issues. The suggestion I can make is leaving us one problem for team work each week.

I just know my four team members because we are the team to finish the buckeye challenge."
"1. I really enjoyed being given a task with apparent simplicity but with the potential to be complex and requiring creative design to achieve a goal. It was nice to do something hands-on.

2. It would have been nice to have more time to build our structure. 

3. Three. I came to know them by being placed in a group with them."
"1. I liked the activity of the class. I liked the way I worked in a group and then everyone contributed to the project that we were working on. 

2. I should improve my communication with my team make. 

3. Because I'd like to invent things that improves people's life"
"1. Meeting new future engineers and getting to work with them.

2. More heads up on what to expect the next class, how to prepare, and what is yet to come. (Until we get into the routine).

3. I enjoy challenging myself and have always had a natural ability for learning and figuring things out."
"1.  I liked how we got to work in our teams for the first time.

2. I need to figure what needs to be done and when it is due.

3. I love math and I wanted to find a major that displays my math skills and I think engineering will do that."
I liked the team working aspect of the lab. I enjoyed being in a group where new ideas and possibilities were presented to me that I would have otherwise never thought about if I was by myself. One thing that could be improved upon from lab or class this week would be making the lectures more inclusive and interactive. Perhaps inviting students to speak up or partake in simple activities or examples pertaining to that day's lesson or activity. I chose to study engineering because I always had a knack for putting things together and creating things.
"1. It was fun, enjoyed being grouped with amazing people.

2. Everything was set perfectly, so no need for improvement.

3. I chose engineering because I enjoy critical thinking and problem solving."
"1. I liked finding our groups and getting to know the people in our groups by starting with a team activity (building the towers). This helped me see what each person in my group is like and how they will contribute to future projects.

2. So far, I haven't noticed anything that I think needs improvement.

3. I chose to study engineering because I want to do more hands-on work rather than being stuck behind a desk all day. I want to learn how to design and create things that will help people in their daily lives."
"1. This week I greatly enjoyed class. My favorite thing was group interaction, I think meeting new people and learning to work well together should be a priority fore it will be very useful practice in the long run at more business oriented settings.

2. This week there could be more work for just the group to do. Things like groupo worksheets or group practice would be very useful to continue to solidify the groups role in the class.

3. For me personally, I chose to be an engineering student due to my desire to create and to help others.  look forwards to the day where I can work for the betterment of something bigger than myself and I feel engineering is a good way to solidify my place in this world."
"1. I really enjoyed the lab this week, when we're supposed to build an as highest as impossible tower and put the buckeye on it, we failed at the end, but once we had a idea we just sticked on it, which made everything easy to handle, there was no fight and conflict.

2. As I mentioned above, we failed at the end, giving an idea which is we should never get too greedy, and when I'm going to do something in the future, I think I need to face the true condition and evaluate the best way to achieve, nothing more and nothing less.

3. I was an art student, and majored in economics, but I found myself not into it, so I change my major plan. I enjoy challenge, and this is a reason for me to choose engineering. "
"1. I most enjoyed how engaging the lectures were. Dr. Bixler's presentations were clear and easy to follow, without growing too boring. The tower building activity was a fun challenge of our current knowledge.

2. I have no suggestions for improvement. The this class is good as is so far.

3. I chose engineering because I perceive computer science, my intended major, as the best route I should take. I was always a really hands on person who enjoyed making things that function. This, combined with my roots in the Silicon Valley, made computer science (and engineering in general) a logical choice for me."
"1. I liked the group working in this class most since it not only told us the power of group working, but also helped us to make new friends. 

2. I think I need to improve the skill to show my thinking. Most of my group mates didn't understand my idea when I showed them first time. I need to improve my English skills to solve this problem. 

3.Since I want to change this world into a better place. And engineering is the most important factor to achieve this goal.   "
The thing I liked most about lab this week was I liked working together to try to build a tower. One thing could be improved is we could have had more sticks to be able to build a taller tower. I chose to study engineering because I liked science and was good at math and I wanted to get a good job after I graduate.
"I really like the way the class and labs are set up in this class. The TA's are a great help and the professor seems to be a great professor who knows what he is talking about owing the fact that he's been in the engineering field for a long time. The lab was fun, It was a great way to make friends and build chemistry between teams. I currently have no problems with the way class and lab went this week. We could have a little more time on our labs but that's pretty much it. 

My love for math and somewhat of science are the reasons I decided to study engineering. I want a job that I will actually enjoy for the rest of my life and Engineering seems to offer just that. "
"I have included a summarized version to all of my answers. Further explanations are available below the numbered points. 

*

Lab – Team building opportunity as well as introduction to my new team.

*

Meet team members earlier. It would have been easier to know the others before coming in to the lab even though it was probably intentionally set up like that.

*

I would like to be able to view the world as an engineer or have an engineering mind/perspective. Of course there are other reasons but this one stands out to me to be a philosophical representation that encompasses many of those other reasons.

 

Here is my break-down and impressions of the first week of lecture and lab.

Simply, the lectures were outstanding. I believe Professor Bixler is a captivating speaker no matter the subject. However, I most enjoyed the lab this week. A couple of reasons for which the lab surpassed the lectures were the introduction to my new team, the hands on activity and room in that activity for creativity. Even though our structure was lacking (it could not hold the buckeye), I do feel that I was able to identify a cohesive blueprint for team structure that should bring success in future labs.

One improvement that could be made for the first week is to assign the teams by the second lecture. I know it is tough because of the short time frame and scheduling of the lab on Monday versus Thursday, but it would have allowed more time for introductions and such. At the time of the first lab, it would have been nice walk into familiar faces rather than meeting new ones! In retrospect, I do believe that it is intentional to have new teams directly before the first lab.

I chose to study engineering because I want to open myself up to more creative opportunities. I majored and graduated from Franklin University with a B.S. in Financial Management in 2014. I am hoping that my studies of engineering will help define and shape my perspective of the world. It is also my belief that engineers can do many great things to impact the world, more than I would be able to with strictly a finance background. There are also other driving reasons for returning to college and choosing engineering but they are personal to me and might seem frivolous to others that are not myself.

 "
"1. The aspect of class which I enjoyed the most this week was the hands on activities we did, like the Buckeye challenge. I have a tendency to check out mentally and fall asleep during classes which are strictly lectures and the team discussion and hands on activities during this last week kept me super engaged, which I very much appreciated. It makes me super excited to see what we do this semester as I know I will like anything that is that engaging. 

2. One thing that I found that could be improved upon is the communication of homework assignments. I feel like this topic was not address very head on and therefore I couldn't quite figure out the best place to find the homework or even what was due on what day. I think more forward communication about assignments and their details would relieve an amount of stress from my life as I would know for certain what is due when. 

3. I chose to study engineering because I love being creative and finding clever solutions to complex problems. I have always had an artistic inclination, shown in my love for musical theatre and performing, but I also have always enjoyed brain games and puzzles, like sudoku, as well as building whatever my imagination conjured up in Legos or designing roller coasters in the virtual game of Roller Coaster Tycoon on the computer. I felt like engineering was the best outlet for these aspects of me and that is why I chose it."
"1) I enjoyed the lab and working together with my team.

2) I would improve the visual presentations during class.

3)Because I enjoy learning more about how things work."
I really liked how the lab this week was hands on. It was a nice change of pace from the normal classroom experience. I also liked how much teamwork was involved in this lab and allowed me to meet all my team members. I think an improvement on the lab this week would be if we were allowed to start building right away rather than brainstorming beforehand and having less time to actually build. I chose to study engineering because I have always loved math and science and playing with Legos and Erector Sets. I tried an architecture course last semester, but didn't like it, so I decided engineering would be better for me,
I just got into this class from the waitlist on Friday. I plan to catch up during office hours this week. I am a newly pre-civil engineering major as of less than a week ago. I decided to switch to engineering from pre-health sciences because I am good at and enjoy math. There was really no math basis in health sciences classes. My dad is an engineer and he has always known that I am a math person. He never forced me to look into engineering but after this past semester when I was struggling to keep up in biology and chemistry, he suggested looking into it. The classwork for civil engineering seemed to line up with my interests and strengths. I hope to learn a lot about engineering in the next couple years and figure out what I truly want to do for the rest of my life.
"1. Personally, I found that class and lab this week were very enjoyable. I class, I enjoyed the discussion about ethics. I was unaware about all of the rules engineers are required to follow and the amount of ethical decisions there are. In lab, I thought the Buckeye Challenge was both fun and productive. It provided groups an opportunity to learn about one another and increase their teamwork skills. 

2. I thought that the class that covered ethics could have been improved. Perhaps, more ethical situations in engineering could have been proposed to make class more interesting and interactive. Students could have gotten together in their groups more and found solutions to ethical dilemmas and then compared them to other groups. 

3. I chose to study engineering because I love technology. Additionally, I enjoy math, problem solving, and thinking of new ideas. For years I have wanted to be a member of a research and design team for a computer company creating new and groundbreaking technology. It's a large goal and studying engineering will help me achieve it. "
"First, I think my favorite point about this week's lab is the experience to use hands to construct tower. In my country, we seldom have good opportunities to do labs by hands. Although our group's result is not very good, this feeling is very meaningful.

Second, I think members in each group should have more opportunities to communicate with each other to improve relationship, which is beneficial for group to work better.

Third, because my math and physic is very good, I am not good at writing or some liberal arts. In addition, my father is also an engineer. Thus, I choose engineering. "
"I liked getting into my groups and figuring out how we will work for the rest of the semester.  I already knew one person in my group and I quickly became aquatinted with my other group members.  I also like the project we had to due.  Building a tower to hold a Buckeye at the top was a fun and challenging task.  Even though we did not win we did get to know each other better.

 I do not think anything can be approved on in this lab/class. Last semester I took Engineering 2194.  I thought that class was awful because it was not as organized and my class was the test subjects for something new. I and can say that 1181 is much more organized and overall better.  I have not been in the class long enough to have any real criticism.

I chose to study engineering because I love to build things.  Ever since I was little I knew I wanted to change the world with my inventions.  Similar to Dr. Bixler I want to help people all over the world."
"I really liked how you gave us really no direction for the lab. It was just ""Build it as high as you can with the given materials. 
I feel as though it is hard to hear in the class because it feels so claustrophobic, but there is no real way to fix that.
I chose to study engineering because I grew up with a love of computer and to this day I build my own all the time."
"1. This week I enjoyed the lab. The constrained timing made us work as a team quickly, and I really liked that we were forced to make quick decisions as a group. This let us define a clear leader and set good roles for our team members. I feel this was a good activity to introduce us to working with one another.

2. Something that bothered me this week was how warm the classroom was. I was sweating the entire time and it was distracting. There's not much that can be done about this if the building is controlled through a single point, but if a thermostat is available then turning it down five degrees would be helpful.

3. I chose engineering because it's an excellent gateway into most jobs. Having an engineering degree qualifies you for most professions even if it's not directly related to what you studied in school. Also, chemical engineering is a very diverse degree and if I decide to go to med school after graduating then it's a great way to transfer over. Being a senior combat medic in the Army previously has given me a good taste in the medical field, so with a chemical engineering degree I can pursue R&D with new medicines or go directly into working on getting my MD."
"1) I liked the emphasis on how important it is to be good at communicating ideas, because it's a necessary skill, and sometimes people forget that. It's not just raw intelligence, you need to be good with people too.

2) I think we should have more input on group work. I don't think the groups put together by the survey are always the best choice, and there should at least be an option to choose a group if you know you work well with someone.

3) I chose engineering because I've always like science and the STEM field. I chose computer science and engineering specifically because I always thought technology and computers were cool."
"1. I liked best the group challenge and examining the benefits and downfalls of working in a group. That was all very true and will hopefully help our group be more successful.

2. I think that it would have been nice to get my group members better. We talked a little bit before class started but, didn't have much of a chance to get to know one another before we began working.

3. I chose to study engineering because of the problem solving and creativity aspect. I really enjoyed doing the lad this week."
"1. The part I liked about lab this week was when we got together with our teammates and performed a task that required teamwork to see how well we will cooperate with each other. 

2. I think that Lecture could be a tad more interactive. I think there should be more communication between students.

3. I chose to study engineering because I am a very ""hands on"" type of person. I consider myself creative. Finally, math and science related subjects are some of the academic subjects that I am better at."
"1. My favorite thing about last week's lab was the the buckeye challenge. Being able to meet my new team members and to tackle a problem in a limited time frame was fun.

2. There wasn't really anything that needed improvement. But if I had to choose something it would probably be along the lines of ""clearer instructions on the slides"". To make this improvement the slides could just be updated to mention some rules of the buckeye challenge, for example, that a buckeye must be at the top of the tower.

3. I chose to study engineering because I like building stuff, more specifically, I would like to build stuff that is linked with being the pinnacle of human achievement. I think that The Ohio State University will help in preparing me for achieving my goals."
"1. I enjoyed the interaction that the instructor had us do with our classmates. It's nice to get to know each other and to find other interests that people have.

2. I would improve upon putting in a little more effort and I would do that by simply just speaking up and give out ideas the first thing they come through my brain.

3. I'm interested in computers and the mechanics behind them. "
"1. I enjoyed the buckeye challenge this week. It was a fun way to work as a team.

2. One thing that could be improved is interacting with the other teachers in the room. A suggestion for that is to have them present some material to us.

3. I chose to study engineering because I enjoy math and science. Also my family is full of all types of engineers and they had a big influence on me. "
"1. I really enjoyed the lecture and discussion about ethics. I have never taken an ethics class, so it was interesting to learn about what ethics is and how ethical situations come up in day to day life. It was also interesting to see other student's perspectives on ethical situations and the ethical challenges that engineers face.

2. I think the explanation for the lab could have been better presented. There seemed to be some confusion as to what items can be used and how they can be used in the lab. To improve the lab or to help with the confusion, I think some form of guidelines about how the materials for the lab can be used (ex. bamboo sticks- can be broken into smaller pieces) can help eliminate confusion. 

3. I decided to study engineering because I want to develop a skill set that can be used to solve problems in real world scenarios. Additionally, I want to be able to apply my expertise to the advancing world, especially with the way that the world is progressing technologically. "
"For the first week, I like the buckeye challenge the most. All four of our group member took part in the activity. This activity reminded me of my high school. I took part in a club and built structure made of wood or plastic usually to be as high as possible or to hold things as heavy as possible. I feel really familiar with it.

However we did not get one of the first three places. I think we did not communicate well enough so I still have a lot to improve on how to communicate and exchange ideas with my group mates.

At first I majored in Physics and now I transfer to Engineering Physics. From physics class we only learn the theories and do some questions to understand those theories better. But in the reality we should use theory to create true things. Engineer is the way to do it. Thus because I do not want to just study techniques, I take engineering class to learn them and use them."
"For the first question, Thursday's class is my favorite because we had a competition of building a highest thing to hold a buckeye nut that requires team work, and our team won the first place because our structure was tough and tall. This little accomplishment had encouraged me a lot in studying engineering.

For the second question, one thing that I need to improve is the communication with my teammates. Although we cooperated well when we were building the structure, we still need more communication outside of the class to know each other better. 

For the last question, I want to study engineering because I want to do something about cars in the future. One child dream that I still have is to build my own car. Thus, studying engineering is the path to this dream."
"I really enjoyed the buckeye challenge component of Thursday's lab. I thought this was a great ice breaker to introduce all of the groups and also a fun activity that required some engineering-related critical thinking. Though my group's tower was not one of the highest-reaching, I was extremely pleased with our brainstorm session, final design, and ability to create. This exercise gave me high hopes for the future of my group.

I enjoyed all of our class and lab periods thus far, however I would love to be introduced to more engineering concepts. I feel like the emphasis so far has been mostly team building and introduction concepts, which is to be expected during the first week. I am excited to delve into the engineering curriculum and explore related content. 

I chose to study engineering because of my strength in math and physical science related courses and my interest in building and tinkering with things. I have known engineering is the best fit for me for a degree path since early in High School. I often take things apart to determine how they work. Specifically I am interested in Computer Science engineering because of my interest in problem solving and technological advancement."
"1. I enjoyed the group aspect and the whole process of brainstorming/finding a solution to a problem creatively. The element of fun competition was fun as well. 

2. Honestly, I liked the lab and I felt the instructors did a good job making things clear and helping when we needed it. I think that I need to get to know my teammates a little bit better and improve on my knowledge of how they work best and accommodate for that.

3. I chose to study engineering, specifically chemical engineering, because I have always found math/science extremely interesting but I want to work more with an application of such things in ways that can benefit the world. Engineers are innovators and very adept problem solvers, and that is something that I have always admired and wanted to be.   "
"What I liked most about class and lab this week is that we were able to get a brief introduction to what being an engineer is really like. Knowing about the ethics involved would help for any job.

One thing i think could be changed about the first week is choosing lab groups. In the survey I believe that there should be an option to choose at least one lab partner. I wasn't sure if i could put that in the comment option. 

I chose to study engineering because I believe that it is the best way to make more eco-friendly machines. I believe that it will help me make a difference in the world and help improve every-day used items."
"1. What I liked most about class this week was our lab in which we had to build the tallest structure which could support both itself and the weight of a buckeye given a certain amount of time and building materials. I think this lab was a great way to get to know our team members and see what things can be improved upon in our team for future projects.

2. I think that a possible improvement would be to incorporate another element in the current task which might increase the need for stability in the structure such as a heavier mass that it would be required to support or a time requirement for how long it would have to stand by itself.

3. I chose to study engineering because I enjoy focusing on goals which are practical and attainable. Also I think I would enjoy working on technologies which would benefit humanity.

 "
"1. I really enjoyed the lab we did on Thursday. I got to know my teammates really well and we had lots of fun. It also taught us about teamwork and how efficient it is to work together. In ethics, I thought it was interesting when we talked about how some companies will put a product out when they know it can injure people. The fact that they do these things for money and to beat their competitors made me angry. I didn't like the fact that companies valued money and business over the consumer's well being.

2. One thing that could've been improved in the lab was maybe a little more time to do the Buckeye Challenge lab. I felt like we might have won if we had like 5 more minutes I don't know maybe it's just me feeling bitter. 

3.I chose to study engineering because of the money aspect, the math and science aspect, and the helping society go forward aspect of the career. I think this career is really interesting and worth the trials and tribulations in college. Some people get degrees and can't find a job with the degree they went in debt for. I feel that engineering is a good choice if you like math and science and you like to create things."
"1) I liked being able to interact with people that have similar interests as me in terms of academics. living in dorms means dealing with a multitude of people that do not necessarily share the same goals as me, so talking to people like me was nice. 

2) I wish we spent less time introducing the TA's and teacher and more on getting to know each other in the class.

3) I have always had in interest in using my creativity to do something bigger than a basic 9-5 job. Pursuing something in engineering allows me a better gateway to do something impactful with my life."
"1. I was happy to meet my teammates this week. That way I can get to know them and understand what makes them tick as people before we launch into a more extensive endeavor.  It was an added bonus that we were able to practice communicating while engineering solutions.

2. For ethics, I think it's always beneficial to be given role-playing scenarios.  That way, we are forced to think outside of our normal context.  It's hard to develop ethical practices when in the relatively sheltered college setting. I think these can be found online relatively easier.  Overall though, I think the faculty did a good job priming us for the semester.  I am excited to learn more about engineering!

3. I chose to study engineering because I believe problem solving and creation is a central aspect of human nature.  I want to be paid to express my creative potential.  As a non-traditional student my path has taken me from history to the military to pre-med and now to engineering. I have no passion for business and money, but I love problem-solving and seeing a finished product. It's also a stable field with the promise of long-term job security compared to other fields. For all of these reasons I picked engineering and I am excited to start my career in the near future."
I like the engineering environment in both the class and lab most. I hope to use my designing skill learned in Architecture to make improvement for class.  I choose to study engineering because I am interested in Engineering and want to use my knowledge to solve problems in society. 
"1. I really liked the competition aspect of the lab we did this week. It made all of the team members extra motivated to do the best job possible. It also helped us think on our feet.

2. One suggestion I have would be for the instructional team to give reminders in class about assignments and expectations (like a class pre-reading) even though it is probably on Carmen somewhere, reminders are very helpful.

3. I chose to study engineering to make the work a better place. I also love the critical thinking, and the creativity involved with it. "
"1. I enjoyed working with my lab group and how hands on the lab was.

2. The ethics lesson was extremely redundant, because I had taken PHILOS 1332. I don't see how that could be improved since it wasn't really a fault of the class.

3.I chose to study engineering, because I wanted to go into a STEM field.Engineering is the most practical STEM field, except for maybe research."
"1. The aspect of class this week was that introduction of how group work was going to be a instrumental portion of the course. It allows me to experience how it feels to cooperate, much like a work situation, and it was the kind of education system that I was looking for when coming into university.

2. I think that there could have been some examples on how the homework should look like so students are clear on exactly how to carry each assignment out.

3. Although engineering is a prerequisite for my major, I chose to study engineering because I have always been clumsy at building things. I have always been conceptual and never real carried out the ideas I had in my mind and hopefully engineering gives me the chance to make my ideas become products."
"1.The best part of this week is know the strength of each of my teammates, which is really important for us to do the best in other group projects.

2. Definitely remind students there is before class preparation material to read, since most of us didn't know we need to do that before the second class.

3. All my family members are engineers."
"1. All students got their team this week, so we took this class together. We made a towel and had a discussion about all problems. That is what I liked the most, because we were getting to know each other, solved some problems together, and we realized the teamwork is the most important thing to take this class.

2.I told that I could be improved the teamwork with my team. We made the towel this week, we talked so much each other and could check our teamwork. I think getting to know each other is the best thing to improve our teamwork.

3.Actually, I studied B.A for 2 years. When I studied G.E. class about math and computer science, I studied so much fun and I want to know more and more. So 1 year ago, I decided to change my major to engineering and prepared it. So now, I like to study about engineering and I will do my best.

 

Thank you"
"1. I liked the lab and having a little competition for the tallest tower. It was also nice to meet my lab partners.

2. There was a lot of confusion with logging into things and working the computers at times. I think that is pretty much handled now since people are getting used to the computers now.

3. I chose to study engineering because I have always liked math and science and like to use it in real world problems. Also since I am interested in computer science I thought the CSE program would be more helpful than the CIS program for me."
"What I liked most about lab and class was getting into engineering.  I have been wanting to study engineering for a long time and I enjoyed listening to what the Professor had to say.  I found his presentation interesting.  The buckeye challenge was a fun part of class.

Having only been to class a few times, I do not see anything that I would like improved, yet.  

I chose to study engineering for a couple of reasons.  The first is that I like math and science.  I am not interested in doing any other subjects.  The second is that I enjoy hands-on projects and look forward to taking part in the kinds of projects that this class has.  Finally, I believe engineers make a big difference in the world and that the knowledge gained enables men and women to improve society and learn more about the world.   "
"1. I liked making structure for hold buckeye nuts this week. Because it was really funny to have discussion about designing tower higher and higher with my team members.

2. I think professor could slower his speech and presentation, since it was my first time to hear about ethical engineer and I need time to absorb it. 

3. Because I really enjoy the process of handcrafting. "
"1. I greatly enjoyed how relaxed the lab was this week. I think it really helped make the environment conductive fro brainstorming and creative thought. I also enjoyed (relatively) simple task we were assigned to do. I think it helped establish good roles within our teams.

2. I think one way to improve upon class/lab this week would be for teams to be made earlier in the week so team members could get to know one another sooner. I think this would greatly help in the lab as well.

3. I chose to study engineering because I love making ""things"". I love to create physical things from idea to reality, especially when they can help make people's lives better. I think it is one of the best occupations/hobbies an individual can have because of the reciprocated benefit your fellow humans can receive."
"1.) In class this week I really enjoyed our down to earth lecturer Mr Bixler that kept you engaged in class. I also enjoyed building the buckeye tower and finding out more about my team members. 

2.) I do not believe anything needs to be improved but for the sake of saying something the mic could be turned up a little more.

3.) I chose to study engineering because all my life I have been searching for what i wanted to do as a career and engineering has been the only thing that really fit with me."
"1. This week I liked being able to work in a team and discuss aspects of ethics that may be more and less valuable to others. I also liked the build lab where quick thinking and action was usually rewarded with the best structure. 

2. It was a lot of lecture, possibly a sheet or key notes to go along with or highlight the lecture. Also would like more instruction for the first assignment because many had questions.

 

3. I chose engineering because I like to help people and want to make a difference in the world with my career path. I am also taking ROTC, and by using the skills I will learn within an engineering degree will allow me to succeed in my military career."
"1. I love the activity we did in the lecture.

2. instructor might speak up, so everybody can hear.

3.to become mechanical engineer"
"1. I liked the 'buckeye challenge' the most out of this week because it forced us students out of our comfort zone and allowed us to get to know our new group members more. Seeing someone under pressure shows another side of them that most people cannot reveal in first impressions. 

2. I think group communication needs to be mentioned because we have to work with these people and if they don't have the idea that we're working together than the semester will be very difficult for some of us students. I suggest we take a minute out of class time to stress the success of our semester is through working together frequently with our group members. 

3. I chose engineering because I loved physics and I wanted an engineering degree to put me in a greater position in the job field than just my physics degree. I currently am working towards an Engineering Physics bachelors degree. "
"1.) I liked the Buckeye Challenge the most in this week's classes. It was a fun and competitive activity that allowed the application of leadership, timekeeper, and notetaker roles, mentioned in class. Furthermore, being the first activity that we do with our teammates, it is a great way to ""break the ice"" and get to know our teammates.

2.) Although I have no major complaints, If I had to choose one thing to criticize in this week's classes it would be the delay in having students take the CATME surveys. Teamwork being one of the key experiences in this class, I think that it is best that we get to know our team members as soon as possible. This could be resolved by having the students take the CATME survey on the first class to quickly assemble the groups.  

3.) I chose to study engineering because the professions related to it allow me to utilize my creativity and bring ideas to life. Being able to bring new ideas to life, these professions put me at the front lines of technological advancement. Furthermore, engineering professions allow me to meet and work alongside many people."
"1.) What I liked the most about lab this week is that it was challenging. I liked that we were given limited time. However our group spent most our time planning on how we would build the highest bridge than actually building it. 

2.) What could be improved this week, is maybe team communication become easier. I had a bit of a problem communicating with other members of my group to get out ideas.

3.) I chose to study engineering because  of the pathway of opportunities it can give me to do what I am passionate about. For instance,  I am interested in helping developing countries and their water. Because of this i want to go into water resource engineering by applying what I learn through environmental engineering such as chemistry principles, calculus and engineering.Then  thought that was the only way I could explore what I am passionate about. 

 "
"I liked how we got to get comfortable with our group with an easy fun lab. It gave us a chance to talk to our new group and get acquainted before any major assignments. 

The only problem I had was sometimes I couldn't here the instructor because people were talking or the TA's were going around making sure everyone was in the right space so I missed some instruction but I'm not sure how that would be mitigated other than the instructor speaking louder or getting attention in some way.

I am interested in flying and space and engineering was a major that aligned with myinterest in innovation and ideas. I like to know how things work and to be in the know about the latest up and comings."
"1. The Buckeye Challenge was really impressive. All the team members worked together to build our own tower. We came up many awesome ideas, and transfer our thoughts into actual the structure. Though ours fell down at the end, the whole process was unforgettable.

2. Our tower fell down because the columns were not able to hold the whole structure. It would be better if we add some smaller triangles in the middle of the structure to support the columns.

3. Engineering is a subject that people can learn life skills from. It is more practical than other theoretical subjects. People can learn how to communicate during learning engineering, cause no one engineer can do the work all by himself."
"1. I enjoyed the interactivity between classmates. In most other classes, students rush to get out of lecture as quickly as possible and it can be hard to socialize and find time to study or socialize with fellow classmates. This class seems to promote that.

2. Not much could be improved. If I was forced to pick something, I would say that I would enjoy working with different groups each week rather than the same group each semester. Perhaps adding more time for labs or class to guarantee everyone has enough time to complete labs inside class time to permit this would work. I am happy with my group however and excited for the rest of the class!

3. I chose to study engineering because I enjoy being pragmatic and desired a challenging but rewarding career. I feel engineering is the best way to achieve and express this."
"1. I enjoyed working in a group that was confident and was also able to listen to others ideas as well. this helped us come out with a taller structure than we had planned for.

2. More clear instructions given from the starts and a more in-depth understanding of where the buckeye has to go and if this is where the towner is measured from.  

3. I love building objects along with improving items to make the world I live in a better place. I also feel that I can be very efficient in this field."
"1. The most thing I am fond of this class is the chatting atmosphere because each group of four people is sitting together can communicate with each other.

2. I hope that we can have more activities on the computer on lab or lecture instead of just giving the information of the foundation of engineering. The suggestion that I can give is let lab focuses more on the computer such as giving us program to research.

3. Because I am fond of electrical and computer engineering so this course can be my foundation of the engineering. "
"1.I met more people like we have been divided into groups and I also like the settings in the classroom.

2. I think they can turn a little down the air conditioning temperature, it's too hot in there.

3. My major requires this but also I want to gain knowledge about engineering because it's so cool."
"1. I like how broad the whole course seems. Even though I will be majored in just 1 Engineer major, I can learn what all the other majors might do as well as get some ethic backgrounds on what I should do. 

2. I wish we would ""break the ice"" with my groupmates as they are pretty quiet and shy, it is only the second day but I'm sure we may do that kind of stuff.

3. Good jobs as well as to have an impact on the world."
"I have really enjoyed learning about the ethical side of engineering because it's something i haven't put much thought into before but is very controversial and essential to life.

I think the one thing that could be improved from this week was explaining more how to navigate Carmen and the set up of the course, meaning what is due when because it is a little unclear. I would suggest going over expectations and what the applications consist of on the first day of class so it's more clear.

I chose to study environmental engineering because i am really concerned about climate change and want to use my interest in math and science to help create solutions to stop it and protect the planet. "
"1. I like that we were given several minutes to discuss with our classmates. It allowed me to know my classmates a little bit better.

2. It might be better if we can actually sit with the group we are assigned. This way, we can know each other a little better before the project starts. 

3. I am always curious about the innards of a machine. Moreover, I want to be able to make life better and funnier with better equipment and better tools. "
"1. I like Dr. Bixler's teaching style which is friendly to understand especially for foreign students like me and is full of humorous. 

2. The temperature of the room is a little bit high. I suggest that you can try to lower the temperature.

3. I am good at concentrate on one thing for a long time without feeling bored. So I think my character is suitable to study engineering."
1. It was very interesting that I could share my opinions about topics with my classmates in the aspect of engineers. One of the most interesting works was case study due to it allowed us to apply contents in the class to a practical example. 2. To be honest, I could not find anything which could be improved. It was perfect. 3. Basically, I have imagined inventing new things and I am interested in science and math.
"1. I enjoyed getting to know the professor and learning more about his background and what sorts of insights he'll be able to offer to the course. I also enjoyed the setup of the classroom into teams with computers at each station to follow along with the PDFs.

2. One thing that could be improved upon from class this week might be to shorten the first lecture that introduces us to the course and the staff to hold everyone's attention and not make full use of the lab time that was allotted for the lecture.

3. I chose to study engineering after seriously considering what I wanted my future career to look like. Industrial Engineering struck me as a perfect fit for the way I think about things in everyday life and the type of career I was looking for. Mixing the technical engineering discipline with the business management end of things is the right balance of skills that I feel I would excel at. I graduated with a BA in Communication here at Ohio State and decided to pursue a BS in Industrial and Systems Engineering rather than going to grad school for an  MBA or pursuing a career in Communication because I felt it would be the best decision for me long term."
"1) the lab was surprisingly fun

2) Although fun, the lab felt disorganized.

3) I will check my grades on carmen weekly"
1. The potato head lab was shocking and an extreme learning experience. I also am enjoying getting to know and work with my team members more and more. 2. I feel that clarity is a downfall in this class; however, sometimes it is the way to the greatest learning experiences. 3. Checking grades on carmen is the best way to determine if you're struggling, as well as reading over all the information from labs and classes to test your knowledge. Do everything you can, including not being afraid to go to the professor and TAs, ask for help, and study as much as possible.
"1. Group work

2.Share my idea to other student

3. too shy to talk with other"
"1. The lab we did this week was fun and interesting to see how a factory would actually work.

2. In lab, at first we were all kind of confused on how the process was supposed to work so maybe more directions explaining it before we start

3. If I feel like I am not getting the grades I want and not getting things done on time, I would fix this by working ahead more."
"From class this week, I enjoyed learning about the manufacturing process through the Quality and Productivity Lab. I thought it was a thorough and worthwhile simulation that was valuable. The most important thing I took away from the lab was the importance of engineering in the manufacturing process.

The one thing I think could be improved upon is ensuring that everyone was in his or her designated spot. I walked into the lab knowing my seat number and position relative to the rest of the class, and yet was unsure of where I belonged because of where other people had already sat down.

I know I am struggling in a class if I am unable to follow along with what the teacher is saying. In this case I make sure to out in extra study time, and also to go to the instructors office hours to ask the questions I need to."
"1.  I liked how we were able to work in larger groups on a pretty neat project. 

2.  I think that there could have been a little more prep for the Quality Lab.

3.  If i am finding hard to comprehend the material i will ask my TA's or my professor for help"
I liked the teamwork involved in the lab on Monday. I appreciated how the entire class was involved in doing one thing and sort of competing to see which group could create the Mr. Potato Heads in the most optimal way possible. One thing that could be improved is perhaps making class (not lab) more participial. Maybe giving out extra credit for participating would do the trick. I think that I would determine if I was struggling in a class when I have no idea how to do the homework assignments or I don't understand the material at all. If this ever happened, I would attempt to get help as soon as possible through tutoring and other various forms of peer aid.
"I enjoyed the actually doing of the mr potato head lab.

If I could improve one thing, it would be the assigning of roles during lab. I believe everyone should have gotten experience in each position in order to help with the lab report.

if my grades slip, I will focus more time to this class and seek extra help."
"I really enjoyed the part we got to use excel to solve multiple questions, even though I'm familiar with excel, there are still some parts I can get confused.

I feel like I need improved my reading ability, since I found myself need to use extra time to understand what the questions are asked.

The assignments are good ways to determine whether I am struggling in a class, and if so, I will take more time to study this class."
"I thought the lab was very fun this week building the potato heads.

I think that we could have talked a little more about excel.

I determine if i am struggling by if I know what is going on in class and understand it. If I am struggling I will go to office hours to get help."
"1. Something I liked about this weeks class/lab was that it was easy to follow and understand what was happening, all questions I had were resolved with detailed responses.

2. Something that could have been improved upon from this week was how to edit cells, this could be improved by more demonstrations on how to do so properly without messing up other data.

 

3.I will determine if I am struggling by class by the basis of how I am able to comprehend the class material. I will solve this problem by asking the help of my professor, TA's and fellow classmates."
"1. The lab was fun and very interactive. I really liked it a lot and it definitely helped me out with what ISEs do. I find excel extremely easy to understand. 

2. I think that we should vote on who should have what role, because our manager had no idea what she was doing. 

3. If I don't understand the material then I will ask my groupmates and if I still don't understand I will go to Dr. Bixlers office hours."
"I really liked the Potato Head Lab we did last week. It was really fun and it taught us about manufacturing processes and strategies. 

I think if we had a really short demo on our jobs before the lab, there wouldn't have been that much confusion on the first trial.

If I feel myself getting behind on work or feeling lost, I'll talk to my group members, TAs or other colleagues that have taken the class as well and ask for help. "
"1.) What I liked most about lab this week, was the different roles each student. For instance, being the final tester, I was focused on that role. And not stressed about everything else. 

2.) I think communication between students could be improved upon lab this week. For instance, as a final tester I was constantly waiting to receive information, and when that information came I had to work under pressure. This resulted in not catching the mistakes.

3.) I will determine that I am struggling in this class by having no idea what is going on. For instance if the lecturer seems to be speaking a foreign language when talking about excel. I know I have to ask questions, go to office hours and ask for as much help 

 

2.) 

 "
"1. Lab was good this week allowed for meeting new people

2.More explanation would have helped.

3.If I cant keep up with the topics then I will know im struggling"
"1) I liked how interactive the lab was this week. Even though everyone had different jobs, they were still important and part of the lab.

2) I think the communication could have been a little better in terms of the executive summary. I'm not sure if it was said somewhere and I missed it, but my group was under the impression that it was an individual assignment. I emailed a TA and asked though, so we got it fixed in time.

3) If I suddenly do not know what is going on, or start to miss assignments, I will try to sort my time and schedule better so I can manage work loads."
" 

The part of class I most enjoyed this past week was the roles each person was assigned as well as how open-ended the lab was. I found it interesting to watch how some students merely kept to their assigned role while others helped their teammates by making recommendations. As the Operations Manager, I always found it helpful when I received feedback from the operators and anyone else.

I honestly think extending the lab would dramatically improve the results and learning. I felt that as soon as I understood what was occurring and started to have ideas for experiment with, class was almost over. Maybe we could make it a 2 day lab.

I periodically check my grades on Carmen, as well as taking notes throughout lecture. Based on these to factors, I believe I will be able to measure how much improvement I may or may not need on a weekly basis. Should I not understand a concept, I am confident I will go to the instructor team's office hours, as well as consult my fellow classmates."
" 1. The lab class was always my favorite of the week, because it requires us to cooperate together and to apply what we learned to real situation. 

2. I must check my email and carmen more often to make sure that I don't miss any assignment or pre assignment

3. I'll ask my teammate or TAs for help."
"The lab this week was very enjoyable. It was a simulation of how products were made in a warehouse and the process of which it went to the customer. It was a great example of how we apply what we do in school in the real world. 

If I ever feel like I'm struggling in a class I will go to office hours and see what I can do to get help from my professor. "
The thing I enjoyed most about class this week was learning about excel. I've never really learned the ropes of excel even though we used it in chem. It was good to sit down and actually learn it. I would suggest making students do more example problems in class. If I am struggling in a class I think a decent option could be to meet with a tutor at least a couple times.
"1. The way we used physics formula in class to understand how to use equations in excel was a very good method. 

 

2. Maybe we did not get enough time in lab to do the experiment with bigger time limit or more number of times.

3. Probably low grades would suggest so. I would prefer to talk to the instructor if this happens and would want to study more with group mates."
"1. The thing that I enjoyed most this week was getting a small taste of what my future job could be. I am looking into becoming a ISE and I was assigned to be the lab ISE so this was very fitting for me. 

2. One thing that could be more helpful would be to allow there to be a prelab asignment that was more closely related to the lab. So that way when one comes in on monday it is known that everyone is on the same page. 

3. I will be able to determine that I am not understanding the material that is being taught if i am unable to complete the homework by my self and am needing assistance for every problem.  "
"1.i thought that class was fine, but lab was kind of chaotic, since we don't know how the lab goes

2. i think it is really time matter, as soon as we adapted to it, we will do great on it.

3.ask to the professor how to resolve the problem."
"1. I enjoyed the set up of the potato head lab, and the overall discussions that we had leading up to it.

2. I feel like the lecture and activity for excel this week was covered much slower then it could have been.

3. I believe the best way to determine if yo are struggling in a class is by looking at your grades and observing how well you know the material that has been covered in the course. The best way to attack this problem is by putting more time into the students coursework and studying more then the student has been previously."
"This week I like the application. I am good at excel and I enjoy making tables and graphs as weird as that sounds. I like it when the data is in a nice neat table. Me and one of my partners Noah were good at excel and we could help our other teammates Stone and Han. I felt good to teach them something new.

I think that the pace of the class is somewhat slow and wish it would move a tab bit faster. I do know though that the reason why I think the class is moving slow is because I took a pilot course for 1181 and it prepared me from this class. I understand that some students are not as well prepared as I am though.

I will determine that I am struggling in class when I try and do the homework and I have no idea how to do it. I can also tell if I am struggling when I go to lecture and I don’t know what is going on. If I find myself in trouble I will go to office hours and ask my friends in that class to help me out."
What I liked most about class is that we took excel step by step and it was easy to follow along. Also, I liked that we were given an assignment to do on our own to get to know excel better. An improvement would be to get better videos for the pre-class. The ones we had to watch were very basic and didn't really show me what we were doing during class. How to determine if I'm struggling in a class is leaving class and not getting anything out of it or not able to do practice problems. How to attack it is study more and go to office hours.
"1. I really enjoyed working with my classmates during the lab.  It was fun interacting with them and starting to get to know them.

2. I could have improved on not procrastinating my work. I can do this by making a schedule and sticking to that schedule.

3. If I am lost with what is going on during the class and with the work assigned in the class I will know I am struggling.  If I am struggling I will go to my professor or TAs and get the help that I need."
"1. The lab this week was alright, a little bit hectic at times but enjoyable. The class was basic excel, so nothing to get excited about.

2. The one thing about the lab that I did not like was how restrictive a persons role could be within the group. Yes, everybody has a role and I chose a the lowest role of an operator but I did have good ideas while the idea guys seemed to be spectators. 

3. I will determine that I am struggling in class if I am unable to interpret, process and critically apply class material to assignments and quizzes. What I have been doing to this point is coming to class prepared through the reading assignments, soaking up the lectures like a sponge and keeping open communication between me and my team."
"1. I enjoyed meeting the new people I worked with in the lab. The lab itself was also a pretty fun activity, especially with all the worker's union jokes we were making.

2. No suggestions, things look fine.

3. I can tell that I'm struggling if I am taking longer than usual to complete assignments or am doing poorly in quizzes and assessments. If this happens, I would ensure that I am getting ample sleep and make plans for studying more. If things don't get better, I would seek out the instructor for further explanations into things I do not understand."
"1. I liked the clear assignment of roles.

2. Locations of extra parts should the assembly line run out could've been more explicitly stated before the lab began. 

3. If you are receiving a grade with which you are not satisfied, you are struggling in the class. To attack the problem, increase effort and perhaps speak to one of the instructors/TAs about the best course of action to be taken towards bettering your performance/grade."
"1.) I enjoyed the lab overall. It was actually kind of fun surprisingly.

2.) There really isn't anything to improve upon.

3.) I will see that I am not turning this in on time or if I get low amount of points on things. I will make sure I look at the calendar constantly. Or if it gets really bad. I will go to one of the TA's to help me out."
"1. I liked how we got introduced to the basic functions of excel. To me, it was quite interesting.

2. I think that the use of time this week could have been better because we spend a lot of time explaining everything.

3. I can determine if I am struggling in a class if I don't understand the coursework even after lectures and etc. I will attack this problem by spending more time on the materials covered in the course."
"1. I think that learning excel is pretty interesting. Also I can see how it will help me later on with showing data and making graphs if I have to give presentations. 

2. For the lab it just felt like some people did not really understand the pre lab/lab. To improve this, they just need to try not to rush through it and understand what the lab will be.

3. If I am not confident in the material or I am getting bad grades in the class. I can attack this by focusing more on the class and going to office hours as well as reviewing previous material from the class."
"1. I enjoyed the lab very much. Doing and hands on and large group activity was a nice breath of air and change of environment for the week.

2. I think that going over what an executive summary contains would have been useful.

3. If I need to constantly ask questions and continually am not able to understand class material, I will know that I am struggling in this class. Then, I would ask the teacher aids for help and review the instructors slides in my own time."
"1. I like the real life demo of the different means of production. It made me realize how complicated the entire process is and how much forethought, information, and engineering goes into everything.

2. Clarity with assignments what is to be done, how they are to be completed, and turned in.

3. You will see that you are slower than your classmates or simply don't understand what is being done. "
"1. This week, we have more team assignment and we did activity with classmates. I liked this activities, such as, making potato. 

2. In this lab, we did activity with all classmates, not just my team. So we were improved teamwork and we could know each other more. Also, I had a meeting with my team for the first time. That time was very impressive for me, because I did not meet any classmates after class, even though that meeting was during weekends. So I think these meetings can make our team to improve our teamwork more.

3. Actually, we learned about excel first time. So our team and me are also confused about this problem, but we helped each other about solving this problem and how to do it. So my suggestion is that if we are struggling in a class, we can help each other in the class. So if someone can help others in some part of the problem, someone has to help them to use someone's talent.

 

Thank you "
"I most liked the use of excel in class and homework assignments. I know certain things about excel but there are always little tricks that can be learned and used in life. 

 

N/A

 

If I am struggling in class I would say that I don't understand the material or the assignments and if so I would contact my teammates for information. If I still do not comprehend the assignments my next line of action would be to attend the TA's office hours to discuss how to learn what I need to succeed. "
I really enjoyed learning how to use Excel this week because I never knew how to use formulas in Excel. One thing that could be improved from the lab this week would be to add another round to make improvements on our assembly line. It would have been cool to see if the adjustments we initially made had worked and then to make further adjustments to increase profits even more. I'll determine if I am struggling if the application assignments become more difficult and I will attack this problem by going to office hours with TA's
"1. What I liked most about class this week was learning about excel. I wouldn't say that I am someone who is particularly good with technology, especially software like excel, and I very much appreciated getting a lesson on how to use this program which I know very little about. It can be used for so many things and I am glad I learned some of this new skill. 

2. Something that could be improved from class this week is the first run of the Mr. Potato Head lab. The first run may have skewed the results because people still didn't quite know what they were doing and an initial test run could be done to help correct that. The push run showed very bad results compared to the pull run when there results should have been closer to each other.

3. I will know when I am struggle in class when I become confused over the material we are studying and do not understand instructions for labs. I will attack this problem by asking questions in class and emailing the TA's if I have specific questions on homework, etc. "
"1.I liked how we were allowed to work at own pace, and that it wasn't entirely lecture.

2. I thought excel was simple, and that the class could go at a faster pace.

3.Well, if I'm struggling then my grade will probably start dropping. I would probably start allocating more time for the class."
"1. I liked playing the role of an ISE in this weeks lab. I found it quite enjoyable to work to maximize a process.

2. I can't think of any immediate improvements.

3. I would determine that based on how well I understand the material and how well I'm doing on quizzes and homework assignments. I would handle the problem by asking a TA or the instructor for help/advice in understanding the material and expectations of the class.

 "
"1. I liked interacting as part of a team in class this week. It was fun to compete against other teams to make the most profit during lab. I also enjoyed learning about the processes of Excel.

2. I think it would provide a better learning experience to students interested in engineering to play the parts of engineers to somewhat gain an understanding of what exactly they do when not at a computer.

3. I determine if I am struggling in class if I cannot keep up in lecture. I am struggling if I do not understand a concept after a lecture or chapter reading. I attack the problem by spending more time on it myself, and if a concept is still foreign I ask for help from classmates, TA's, or the professor, whichever more convenient. Grades are also a very good indicator but then it is often too late to fix."
"1. I liked most this week was the lab with Mr. Potato Head. It was a fun activity that let me meet some of my classmates.

2. One thing that could improve is going over the new material on the computers, like excel. A lot of it I felt confused and lost.

3. My success in this class would be getting good grades and understanding what I am doing in class. If I would be struggling with something, I would talk to my teachers and ask for help or talk to my tutor."
"I like the  progress of thinking about the way to improve productivity in the lab class. 

2 No it was very nice

3 If I cannot deal with my assignment, I think I am struggling with this class. I would ask my team member how to solve the problem.  "
"1. I liked the session where we were taught how to use excel, especially how to anchor a reference. That is a skill I didn't know before. 

2. I will improve my skills related be making excel representation. I shall work on excel graphing. For the class, the assignment instruction could be more detailed which can reduce the work load for TAs. 

3. I know that I am struggling is a class if I cannot finish the assignment on time correctly. I will attack the problem by practicing and asking for help from TAs."
"I enjoyed the work that we did on excel.  It was interesting.

One improvement I can think of is to stop having group work for small assignments.

I determine if I am struggling with a class if I am unsure about the material or get bad grades.  I will assess what I am doing wrong and fix it."
"It was really useful learning about excel this week because i didn't know much about it before. One thing that could be improved was running the lab more smooth. It was a little crazy, more instruction needed for sure. I suggest taking time in the beginning of lab to explain the specific jobs more.

I will determine if i am struggling by seeing how my grades are on assignments and if i understand the material i am learning in lecture or feel lost. If i do feel lost,  i will seek extra help from the GTAs with specific questions and spend more time reviewing the lecture notes. "
"1. My easy task of being an operator.

2. Clear rules for the lab.

3. I will determine if I am struggling in a certain class with the score for my first midterm. If it's bad then I need to change study habits, go to office hours, tutoring, etc."
"1 Lab process

2 Learn how to use excel. All is good

3 Ask someone to teach me"
"1.) I liked the lab the most this week and the teamwork that was required at every level of production

2.) Nothing could be improved

3.) I will determine if I am struggling in  a class if I cannot understand a subject and my grades start to suffer. I will obtain tutoring if this occurs."
"1. I enjoyed working with excel this week and the different applications. I like learning things that I can use in the real world instead of just the classroom.

2. The lab was very hectic and even though I did the pre-lab preparation I still felt very underprepared. I was the operations manager and I was not even 100% sure on what to do and that hurt my team. I spoke with members in my group and they also felt underprepared and confused.

3. I hold myself to a high standard. If I am not getting the grades I want, I consider that struggling. If that happens, I will utilize some the many resources available through OSU whether it is office hours or tutoring. "
"1. I liked that the lab had different roles and that it was very interactive. I wish that more people could have been given the chance to play different roles but also noticed that the ISE and OM on the Scarlet team did a great job of also listening to the operators who were doing the work.

2. I liked that we went through how to use excel, however, there were still portions that were confusing such as how to write certain aspects for equations. I would like to learn more about excel and what else it can do other than just writing formulas also. Maybe add some useful tips to excel, or some easy hidden features or useful aspects that are not already covered.

3. If I receive a low grade on an assignment, quiz or midterm. Or if I am just completely lost on the material that is being covered in lab or lecture. If I do not stay on top of the homework, applications, Journals and labs and making sure all are complete when they are due. I believe balancing all of the homework for the class can be hard, especially when most students are taking other classes that are more heavily weighted but must spend the same amount of time for a 2 credit hour class. I would like to think I would ask my peers for help or find a tutor if I begin to notice a problem. If not I should contact one of the TA's and ask to meet or have something explained. Another option would be going to the Grad student or Prof. Bixler himself and seeing if this will help the lack of understanding I have or the issue that I cannot solve."
"1. I like the Mr. Potato Head Lab. I was interesting!

2. I need to be more familiar with the operation of Excel.

3. If I meet any problems, I will ask instructor or TAs for help."
"1. I enjoyed learning more about Excel this week. It is a very useful program that will be a necessity for my future in engineering. I also enjoyed learning more about the equation features in Microsoft Word.

2. I think that there was not a need to prove two points for each equation on the class application. One proof for each would have shown that the math was correct and would have provided enough experience for the equation maker in Word.  

3. I will determine if I am struggling in class if I do not understand the content that we are learning. I would seek out help by going to all the office hours that I could and find tutors to help me succeed. "
"1.) I liked that this week's application homework is done as a group, which helps reduce workload strain and more group work opportunities.

2.) I think the introductory videos to excel were not necessary. Little was gained from them and I think they would be better if replaced by an actual tutorial on what we did in class.

3.) Not doing the prep work for lectures and labs is a good indicator that a student may be struggling. This could only be resolved by being more proactive and finding out if there is prep work in the first place."
"1. I liked being able to go through the excel work with my group. We're able to help each other understand how to work the program. I'm beginning to see our individual strengths and weaknesses a little better.

2. The person in my seat in the class before me doesn't log off their computer. This makes me need to manually turn the computer off and on again before I can use it, setting me behind in the class.

3. I can tell if I'm struggling based on how much I need to study. Right now this class makes a lot of sense, and the way it's presented has a good flow. If I run into problems later, I'll bring them up in my group's meetings or I'll email my TA."
"1. I liked learning new things about Excel

2. I was content on how things were run during class

3. I am not struggling with class, but I did miss lab so I will have to do that."
"I like the lab 2 in this week, which introduces how modern factory product line works.

I thought the communication need to be improved. I hope transfer people to have more clear express to make the communication much more efficient.

I would ask my TA for help."
"1. I really enjoyed the lab this week because it is directly related to my major (Industrial and Systems Engineering). It was fun to take a manufacturing problem and try to apply simple changes to make for the most efficient use of resources (though most of the changes I had in mind either weren't communicated to the right people or weren't taken seriously).

2. One thing that could be improved upon the class/lab this week is to make it more clear how we could have removed tables and combined Operators onto tables. We had three operators on each table but it wasn't clear if we could have had 4, 5, or even 6 Operators on one tables to make for the fewest tables possible.

3. I will determine that I am struggling in a class if I am not able to understand the material and be able to apply the concepts to practice in a timely manner without falling behind."
We had a lab which is composing the Mr. Potato. That is really interesting. However, the outcome was not so good. After that, we thought about it and our instructor told us some issues. If we were a company and we want to make the best profit, we have to consider the cost and the process which is whether correct or wrong. From the activity, I knew that we should fired someone out in order to make profit. If we meet some problem, I think the most efficient way to deal with it is that we need keep asking question to ourselves like what I did is wrong, how can I improve myself. And keep remembering, everything's gonna be okay.
"1. I like the Monday Lab most because it makes us feel like a team. And we do best in the class.

2. People in this class should do some preview before the lab begin. In this way, the lab will be more effective.

3. I will spend more time on this class and make more efforts to it. Then I will be familiar to the knowledge in the class. And the problem will solve at last."
"1. For the lab of this week, try to do engineering project with a way bigger group is the best part.  And we got way more freedom to change our plan this time. 

2. Maybe we can spend more time in class or lab to explain the executive summary.

3. If my confusion about the class materials has not reduced after the class. Do self-study such as going through the lecture ppt again."
"1. Teamwork was so exciting.

2. I just hope you to make assignment section on Carmen. It is too confused to track assignment.

3. Just ask to my team members."
"1.everything, especially being the transporter of the lab.

2.I can move faster.

3.I dont know"
"1. I enjoyed the simulation of the potato head factory. It was nice to be able to apply the  different types of manufacturing processes to better understand how they work.

2. I think that setting up and getting everyone situated could be better organized. I think that the lecture before the lab, we should discuss the lab process so everyone will better understand what is going on. Seats and roles can be assigned even more in advance so the lecture before the lab each student will know exactly where they will be sitting and what they will be doing. Additionally, the group sizes are really large which made it more challenging. Maybe simulating the production process on an item with fewer parts and having smaller groups will make it easier. 

3. I usually determine how I am doing in class based on grades. I also do based on how I understand the assignments. For example if something seems really difficult or is taking more time then necessary, that is a general indication that there is a lack of understanding somewhere. I usually address and work on the struggles by reading and reviewing notes, discussing topics with students, or speaking with the TA or professor about my questions. "
"The most thing about this course is that I could be the ISE during the process in the lab and told the operation manager .

I think we should have more communication about the TA. We can hold some activities with TA.

If I do not know how to deal with the homework, I think I will be struggled. I will review the PPT at class and notes, which taken in class."
"1. I liked that it was a fun activity with Mr. Potato heads.

2. Better descriptions of instructions and give operations manager time to explain everyones tasks before working.

3. You would see that your grades are not good and that you aren't doing well on pop quizzes. You could get with classmates or tutors and ask more questions in class."
"1) the lab was technical and one i enjoyed doing

2)Instructions for the lab were vague so a decent amount of work was left to assumption. Next time it might be helpful to have more pictures demonstrating what needs to be done.

3) I study alone in the study room of my dorm. Typically 8-10 hours a week."
I was unable to attend class for medical reasons.
I did not attend class this past week, but after looking over what was discussed in the class PDFs I enjoyed learning how the circuits worked. At first, circuits came off as very confusing to me, but after reading over information and seeing how they worked I found it very interesting. I'm not sure how the class was structured, but using a camera to show how to set up a circuit and projecting it onto the TV screens could be beneficial. I usually study in 18th Ave library or in one of the study rooms in the basement of my dorm. I like to be in a fairly quiet environment because I play simple music in my headphones pretty quietly and don't enjoy hearing voices over this. I like studying by someone else who is in it for the long haul because it motivates me to stay longer. I try to put in a couple hours each day to review material for classes, but this definitely increases when midterms are in the near future.
"1. I like learning about excel and how to use it because I think that is a very helpful skill to have.

2. I do not think there was anything to be improved this week.

3. I normally study in the sky lounge of Park Stradley (my dorm). I like studying with people as long as we don't talk too much because then it is hard to get things done. I also like studying alone and listening to music. I study and do homework every day either when I get back from classes or after dinner."
"I liked class this week. We did some more work with excel spreadsheets, I am good at excel and so is my group. We flew through the application since we were getting better at excel.

I don’t think anything could be improved. I like the way the class is going. This class will go well if you can keep up with the work.

I am in the Beta Theta Pi fraternity so studying is important. They require us to record 6 hours of studying and 3 of them are require to be carried out together. I like to study alone but I have learned to study with my brothers."
"This week was very interesting in showing how bread boards work

More explanation of the breadboards.

I tend to study at the library alone or with people depending on class."
1.) I enjoyed getting hands on experience on circuits. However it was hard using the multimeter to get exact data. Having two sets of data to campare helped
"1. For me it was enjoyable to preform hands on work with the circuit components and analyze the different parts of the circuit.

2. N/A

3. I study by reviewing class material, completing sample and homework questions again so that I understand how to do similar questions to those in the homeworks and quizzes. I usually study along just because I have a hard time concentrating with others around. I usually spend around 20 hours a week studying. "
"1.) I really liked how the Class applications worked. You were just like, here do this thing. Have fun.

2.)Nothing that I can think of.

3.) I study in my room. Depending on which class, but I am mostly alone. I spend most of my time studying, while doing other things, but only during the weekdays."
"1. The lab was really interesting as it goes hand in hand with what 1251 physics is about. As I am in the ECE major, I can really appreciate this lab. 

2. Although the lab is very basic, I don't think it really helped with how to solve the problem of the scenario at all. 

3. I study at home usually before bed as I get a good nights sleep and review the material in the morning. Typically, I will study around 2-3 hours a night. "
"1.we can operate circuit by myself

2. A skill to talk with workmate

3.Need to have my own idea. "
No more group work.  The assignments are a waste of time if they are done as a group.  People's schedules are too different and people have different ideas of success/effort. 
"I liked working on excel to help me learn how to use it better.

One thing that could have been improved is just to talk a little more about some of the excel features.

I study in my dorm by myself. I study for about two hours a week for this class."
"1. The most interesting thing is the lab. Because I will be majoring in electrical and computer engineering. It is quite important to know the basic concept of it. It as lots of implication to what I will be doing in the future.

 

What could be improved is my speed in making excel calculation. It is a skill that is going to be tested during midterm. I will have more practice after class. 

 

I usually study alone at various places including library, residence halls. I pretty much study all the time given the amount of work assigned unfortunately."
"I really liked how we dived more into excel. I'm pretty familiar with excel, but I learned new things like referencing an entire worksheet.

I don't think the class/lab needed to be inporved.

I usually study in the library or in my dorm. I usually study about 10hours/week."
"1. Building a circuit is the most interesting thing during this week

2. Help my teammate more

3. I always study in my dorm alone about 8 hours a week"
"1) I really liked that we got to work with actual circuits in lab this week. It feels like doing things an actual engineer would do, and is a lot more interesting than most other labs.

2) I think the set up of the breadboard could have been explained a little better. We did not realize that wires were supposed to be inserted in the same slot as the multimeter pins. We figured it out, but it wasn't completely clear by the instructions/pictures.

3) I typically study either in my room with my external monitor, or in Thompson. I study by doing practice problems, or just reviewing notes/slides, depending on the class. I typically spend a few hours a week studying, but more if I am preparing for an exam."
I really enjoyed learning more about Excel and how to use more advanced features on it. I think lab would be improved if we were able to make more circuits with the LED light rather than just one circuit with the light. I spend up to 20 hours a week studying, mostly by myself, and I like to go to Thompson Library between classes or after my last class of the day.
"Love this week's lab, found all the calculation is easy to handle.

But I'm terribly bad at circuits lab, knowing nothing about how to create a circuits, I'll take more time to practice that and watching some online training video about it.

I study around an hour a day and rest on Friday and Saturday, I study by myself. "
"I really furthering my knowledge of excel and applying the various functions within excel to the spreadsheets we worked on in class.

I wish there were some more challenging concepts in the excel documents we were instructed to complete. At time I felt that many of the concepts were repetitive from the assignments we completed last week.

I study alone in my dorm room, and sometimes the library on 18th avenue. I study everyday for at least an hour. If i have to work on assignments for Engineering, I usually work with my group mates."
"1. The lab this week was interesting because we had to use breadboards (something new to me). I was initially worried using the breadboard from my lack of experience but it turned out to be an enjoyable experience as the multimeter readings reaffirmed the prelab calculations. Further, the class has been following a format which I like in which we are taught something through a guided example on the first lecture and then we are able to apply what we learned in an application assignment during the second lecture.

2. I believe that the prelab assignment could have been better as I did not have any experience or recollection of volts, amps, ohms and it was difficult to conceptualize the math.

3.I do study alone and I either study in the library or at my home computer. I really like to have a workstation like environment and I can easily study for multiple hours in a session. For this class, I put in around 2 to 4 hours a week studying but the material has not yet become overwhelming. "
"1. Getting exposure to my chosen field- electrical engineering.

2. I think the expectation in terms of readings is a bit over the top for a two hours class.  I could figure out most of what I needed to do in class without the readings.  I just think it's important to have some realistic balance.

3. I study at home, alone, and about 12 hours a week."
"1. I enjoyed working with the circuits. 

2. I think there could've been spaces on the excel spreadsheet for data entries for the later tasks that also required measurements to be taken. 

3. I study alone, for probably close to 14 hours /week. I study in my room. "
"1. I liked how we got to interact with circuits in lab.

2. I think that the lab material for this week could have been split into 2 labs as time was a constraint.

3. I study alone in my dorm. I study about 20 hours a week."
"1. In this week, I learned about circuit in a lab. I leaned especially a lot of things about engineering. It is very basic things but this is my first time to experiment about my major. In this lab, I had a hard time to understand what we do, but I knew a lot of new things. So the experiment is the most liked about lab this week.

2.In this week, also we have a group meeting for 2 times. I think the assignment is getting harder, we have to meet more times. So I think we more close to each other. Actually, I am an Asian and I cannot speak English well, but we meet more times, we are getting closer than before and I do not feel frustrated about meeting other class mates. So I think we are improved teamwork.

3. I studied more times than before about this lab and class, because this lab and class are getting harder than before and if I do not study about the class, I can damage my team grade. So I have to study more times and we were done our team project well. So this week was so busy for me but this week is meaningful for me.

Thank you"
"1. I like the part that we can help each other when we finish the assignment in class. That's really a group work with group spirit.

2. Nothing

2. I study in Thompson Library alone in most of my time."
"1. I enjoyed lab this week. I have a passion for technology, whether it be working on real circuits or bread boards. It was also good to better my skills with breadboards as they will be important to know for my future in engineering. I also enjoyed learning the math behind electronics and found it very useful. 

2. I think some of the circuit configurations could have been more challenging in lab. Once the students understood the breadboards, there was no challenge in making any of the other configurations. 

3. There are two places where I study primarily. I find myself to be most productive in my room or the study floor in my building. Traditionally I study by myself, but I don't mind working with another student that is ""on the same page"" as me. It's difficult to provide a quantity of how much studying I do per week in my classes, but when I have a test coming up I study a lot. For example, I studied over 10 hours for a Chemistry exam I had on February 2nd and I always begin to study a week before any exam. "
"1. I liked the circuits lab the most this week because, having taken a physics class before and studying circuits, it was nice to actually see these concepts in action. The best way to understand concepts is to see them in real life and test them yourself and I understand the concepts behind circuits and electricity much better now because of the lab. 

2. One thing that could be improved was in the circuits lab. Pictures were provided to help set up each type of circuit but I think it would've been more beneficial if we had to figure out how to set them up ourselves in a ""trial and error"" kind of way. I believe that this would help our conceptual understanding of how circuits work much better than just copying a picture. 

3. I usually study alone in my dorm room at my desk or at the 18th avenue library alone. If I am studying with other people it is usually for a midterm because explaining concepts to other people helps you solidify those things in your own head. I study every day of the week, even Friday's and Saturday's, and it probably averages out to around five hours a day. "
"1. It was interesting working with a breadboard for the first time.

2. No suggestions.

3. I generally study by myself, in my dorm, for however long it takes for me to fluently understand the concepts. This can range anywhere from half an hour to one and a half hours a day."
"1. I enjoyed doing all of the class applications on Thursday. I think it's a great opportunity to do some of the homework we have and ask questions when we have them.

2. I think that lab was a tad bit confusing and some of the prelab information was difficult to understand despite reading the prelab information. However, I did like how we reviewed the prelab material before taking the pop quiz, so I think that at the time I was reading the information it was difficult but much of it was cleared up later.

3. I generally study in more dorm (most often) or in Thompson Library. I spend a good 70% of my day studying or doing schoolwork and I would rather do homework alone but study with others."
"Class this week mostly focused on Excel and i like working with excel because it's a basic program. The lab this week focused on circuits, I've worked with circuits from a previous engineering course. I got the hang of the circuits pretty quick. 

I mostly study alone at Thompson because it's quite and I work great in a quite environment. I spend at least 4 hours a day studying for classes, not including Homework. "
"1. The applications topic for excel was quite interesting. It was a good recap of topics learnt previously.

2. I would say we should probably be given tougher topics for excel worksheet.

3. I study about 4 hours per week on average outside of class for each subject. I prefer studying alone and solving doubts in a group study session."
The thing that I liked most about class and lab this week was the circuit lab. Although I'm not the greatest at electrical engineering, I had a good time taking part in the lab and learning some things along the way. I liked to see how our applications of switching the circuits around really worked at the end of each step when we turned the breadboard on. One thing that could have been improved was somewhat of the confusion that occurred for a few groups at the end of the lab. My table, for instance, was confused as to what set of data that we were going to use for the executive summary due on Monday. We weren't sure which of the two was more accurate, precise, or overall more reasonable to work with. Perhaps allowing the entire table to do a longer lab with more steps and operations would possibly be better. I usually study in the common areas in my dorm. I find a table or chair desk and work from there. I study alone unless someone is out there who I know took an engineering course earlier in their collegiate career. For this class specifically, I set aside about three to four hours a week studying and reading the class material.
1. I liked learning about the electrical systems as I have never truly dealt with anything like that before. There was not all that much that I disliked. I did kind of miss doing group work with my group though as it just felt like less this week. 2. My partner for the circuits lab and I were not able to finish the lab by the end of class. The other two people in our group had taken an engineering course before thus had some experience with it and were able to get the entire lab done. I feel that maybe more time or two labs devoted to this would be good. 3. I commute to school from my apartment in worthington. I usually study at the desk in my apartment or at a library on campus. If I have time in between classes I study in the closest comfortable place to me. I plan to move closer to or possible on campus next year though because the commute is proving too much. Also, a garage pass. I'm not one to waste time on things that can be avoided.
"1.) I liked learning about circuitry most this week because it was very hands on and interesting.

2.) nothing can be improved

3.)I study in my room usually alone but sometimes with others who are in my same classes. I usually spend 10 hours a week studying "
"1. I thought that the circuits lab was interesting. It was cool to learn some about making circuits and then be able to actually put that knowledge to work. It helped clear up concepts about circuits and gave me a better understanding of how to build them.

2. This week I do not have anything that could be improved. I thought class/lab went well and did not have any problems.

3. I either study at Thompson library or in my dorm room. I pretty much always study alone. I am not sure exactly how much I am studying per week, but definitely a fair amount including assignments. Some days I am either studying or in class, but other days I have more free time, but still spend some time studying."
"1.  I really enjoyed working with the breadboard and learning about voltage/ circuits.

2.  Be more prepared for class, remember to read the preparation material before last minute.  I just need to stay more focused on school and get my work done.

3.  I study in the library or in my residence hall's study room.  I normally study alone but sometimes I like studying with other classmates.  I study 10-15 hours per week."
I liked how we got diagrams and the TA's helped a lot whenever we got confused. I think this lab went very well even though it was not my favorite topic to learn I do not have anything I would change about the lab. I wake up around 5-5:30 in the mornings and then I go and study in an empty building until at least 8 and then if I need to study later in the day I will find an empty classroom or study in the room after all my classes are over. 
"1. I mostly liked the way how we practice to use excel, I think that is very useful for future

2. I think this activity of this week was very smooth and well-going. so nothing to improve on my opinion

3. I usually study in library, sometimes with others, but try to study alone. I study after all my classes are done.

 "
"1. Something I liked in class was when I needed help, the instructor and/or TA would guide me back on track.

 

2. I felt this weeks lab was kind of confusing, It would be better if the the lab instructor were to go more in depth or give an example to the class.

 

3. I study whenever I get time between classes and at home. I primarily study alone, but I do study sometimes with others. Usually, I study for2-3 hours a week for this class."
"1. I like doing hands-on learning. It was engaging to see equations being implemented in the physical world.

2. I would like more exciting things than measuring already labeled resistors and basic circuits. I understand this is supposed to be introductory but most of this is review, especially for someone wishing to go into a career involving something like this lab.

3. I study alone about 3-4 hours a week in the library and 6-7 hours a week at home."
"I personally enjoyed using the breadboards and more specifically the LED to set up several types of circuits. I had conducted several labs similar to this but I still found it enjoyable and a good refresher on the principles of circuits.

Th only area I believe the lab could be improved was the density of the pre-lab materials. I know a few people who forgot to read them as well so maybe if it was made an assignment of Carmen they would be more likely to remember.

Normally I will study on my own in my dorm room, but if there are seats free I will also go to the Union or Thompson library. It just depends on where I am on campus and what time of day it is. I usually study alone but I have studied in group before and find that also helps me stay on task. I study, overall, about 8-10 hours a week."
"1. I liked the circuits lab a lot because there was to bread boards per group. This got us much more hands on time to figure things out and problem solve.

2. I think that with teaching us the excel more could be explained i was doing everything wrong and it took me a really long time.

3. I study at the SEL library and my dorms study room usually alone and everyday for at least 6 hrs I study alone better because I don't talk to others."
"1.  I liked that we had time in class on Thursday to complete the assignment. I was able to turn it in before class ended. 

2.  I don't have any suggestions.  I thought it was a good week. 

3.  I am enrolled for 16 credit hours and i work 25 hours a week as a banker with Huntington.  My studying usually happens on one of the two days i have off a week or at night till early morning.  This is very challenging but I am able to manage. "
"I enjoyed the circuit lab the most this week due to its hands on learning which I do best with.

If I would change one thing it would be that the lab did not have so many steps

I study alone with limited distractions approx. 3-5 hours a day. I usually study at Thompson."
"1. Again, time to work on our application.

2. Collection of data is one of the most important parts in data analysis, it would be cool if you could weave data collection into the excel lessons to make them more exciting.

3. Library and dorm room, alone, depends on class: 1-10h."
"1. I am starting to really like excel and I think the applications are helpful and relevant.

2. The class preparations seem to be vary inconsistantly from nothing at all to a lot of work.

3. If no one is in my dorm room I will study there, if not I will go to the basement of the 18th avenue library. I usually study alone unless it is for an exam. The time I spend studying varies on if I understand what is going on in class. If I do, I will not study. If I am confused I will go to office hours or tutoring to study until I understand the concepts."
"1. Learning new skills on Excel

2. N/A

3. For Team D, we work together using google hangouts or going to SEL. I study about 2-3 hours a week for the material."
"1. I enjoyed most about this week is class 08. I like having in class time to work on homework and understand what I am doing.

2. I think the lab could be improved by having  less to do in lab. I think we should collect the data first then concluded what the information means after.

3. I usually study at Younkin or my dorm. I prefer to study on my own but I have a tutor twice a week for 45 mins. I usually spend about three hours studying a week for this class."
"I liked the lab this week because it was fun to learn about circuits and how they work. One thing that i believe could help improve the class is being given a good time frame for how late we can email questions about an upcoming assignment, for example if an assignment is due on Tuesday when is the last day it would be okay to email and ask a question about it?

I usually study at the SEL, usually alone and i spend about three hours a day studying and doing work but more if there is an upcoming exam or quiz. "
"1.) I liked that we were given time to do application 08 in class.

2.) There were some faulty circuit boards in lab this week, but we are already resolving that when students find them and they are removed.

3.) I study alone in Thompson's and I spend around 42 hours studying a week."
"1. I liked that the lab was in smaller groups and very hands on. I also liked learning about excel and all of the functions and uses it has. I feel that the program will be very useful in the future.

2. Allow more time for the lab, my group just barely did not have enough time to finish. Even though we worked and asked questions along the way.

3. I prefer to study in a quiet room, sometimes the Health Sciences Library when I have time to walk there from my dorm. I will also study on the bottom floor of my dorm in study areas. Some nights I will just study in my room due to how late I get back from class and ROTC. I usually study alone, sometimes with one other person but very rarely in a group. I spend approximately 3.5 hours doing homework each night. I also try to do some while at work and between class, so with those times probably closer to 4.5 each day."
"I like the excel data analyze the most because it may be very useful.

2 No everything is nice

3 I studied in my dorm and I always studied with my group members. I spent 2 hours every week on my engineering study.  "
What I liked most about class is doing an activity together, then getting time again to do it on Thursday. One suggestion is to not have the excel sheet take up the whole class time on Thursday because it wasn't too difficult. I usually study in my room, but when I really have to focus I got to the library. How I study depends on the class and who's in it. I like to study alone more because then I can really absorb the material. I do not study enough for my classes and I really have to fix it. I am still in high school-mode where I think I can study day of and still get a good grade. 
"1. What we learned about Excel is more and more complex which helps us to be able to deal with more real life data analysis while everyone is talking about Big Data generation.

2. In the lecture, we should be give the excel formula of Standard Deviation.

3. I usually study along in my dorm, but the time spends is really depends.

 

 "
"1. I enjoyed working with my hands this week and getting to apply what I learned in the classroom directly to a lab that I could change. 

2. If I was to change one thing about this lab this week it would be the spread sheet that we recorded our data in. I wish this excel file had more blanks for other parts of the data that was collected within the lab so then we could know all of the data. 

3. I study in my dorm room and also at the library. I like to study alone unless I need assistance with what I have in front of me. I spend roughly (under est.) 35 hours a week on just homework and studying."
"All is good.

nothing for this week

I study in my room alone and study almost all the day."
"1. The best thing about class this week was the Excel application. I feel like this will be a useful tool to me in other classes.

2. I feel that having us vote on the music played during Thursday would help get us involved with more than just our groups. Maybe a quick raising of hands at the beginning of class?

3. I study alone in SEL or in the Veteran's Lounge in Smith Lab. I spend about 6 hours a day studying or doing schoolwork, for a total of 45 hours a week. "
"1. Team members.

2. As I mentioned before, assignment section on carmen is needed!

3. At 18th Ave library, Lonely, everyday allday"
"1. I liked learning the basics of constructing a simple series and parallel circuit while in lab this week and seeing the differences in resistance and current based on changes being made in the circuit.

2. I can't think of any possible improvements.

3. When I study I typically go to an empty classroom or lecture hall so that I have nothing to distract me. I study best when I'm working with another person in the class to try and understand concepts and different problems. I like it a lot when instructors give practice exams or tests which I can use to test my skills based on what I need to know for the test. Usually I spend most of my time doing homework assignments rather than studying because I am very busy with assignments. I only study when a test is coming up and I start one week in advance."
"1. I was impressed how accurate the equipment was at getting measurements close to our calculated measurements. It was nice getting to design series and parallel circuits that actually worked.

2.It'd be nice if we got to design circuits with more LED lights and more complex circuits. provide us with more LED lights and more freedom to construct our own circuits rather than the ones we were asked to create.

3. I study at home by myself. I spend most of my time not in class/at work during the week studying and looking over material/completing assignments. I probably put in an hour of studying per day per class on a good day."
"1. Know the formulas that can calculate U,I,R.

2. Get more familiar with DMM.

3. I study in the 18th Library. I usually spend few hours per day to study using my computer."
"1. I really liked being introduced to circuit boards. I have never used them before so it was interesting to be able to apply some of the equations we use in classes like physics first hand on a circuit board. 

2. I think watching videos before lab is helpful. Watching the video about using the meter was very helpful so, I think adding a couple of videos on how to make circuits can be really helpful.

3. I usually study at home or at the library, usually alone. I study in groups when reviewing for exams or getting clarification on concepts that I am having trouble understanding. Between studying and doing homework, I would say I spend about 15-20 hours. "
"1. Of course I like the lab most because I actually did something rather than just sit on the chair and listening. In the lab we built circuit on our own and test the resistance and voltage of each electrical appliance.

2. I think we did good. If there is one thing I still need to improve, I would still say I need to improve my speaking technology.

3. Hard. Much harder than I expect."
"I like the skill to measure electric data the best.

learn measure skill.

4 hours."
"The most thing that I was interested in was electrical lab this week.

I think we could focus more the actual instead of doing the homework.

We studied the voltage,current and resistance."
"1. Building circuits is lots of fun

2. Make some calculation before building 

3. Library, 15 hours+"